Add debugger troubleshooting guide (#1552)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-www: website/two-column-pages/docs/learn/tools-ides/vscode-plugin/run-and-debug.md

For more information on debugging your code using VS Code, go to [VS Code Documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/debugging).

## Troubleshooting

> - Stepping over code lines in non-blocking paths (eg: action invocations) will not pause VM on next line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to manually add a breakpoint to the next line when stepping over code lines in non-blocking paths (e.g., action invocations). Otherwise, it will not pause the VM on the next line by default.
```

    - workaround: manually put a breakpoint to next line
- There are some cases where stepping over gives unexpected behavior

>     - Eg: When there are multiple workers and a wait expression waiting for them, even though step over hit and pass wait line in source, workers are not yet finished execution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    However, this will not happen in certain instances. For example, when there are multiple workers and a `wait` expression waiting for them, even though stepping over hits and passes the waiting line in the source, workers might not yet be executed.
```
